"I, Kuntuzango, when this energy arises, I immediately recognize, and I call enlightenment,
but sentient beings didn't recognize it instantly, and they kind of cling on the subject and object
,
and then they kind of dilute it, dilute it, and they lack the mindfulness or thelessness,
and because of that, now what the sentient beings, they are constantly doing something
this thinking is good, but reality is more obscuring our self. So, kind of all that occurs,
the other people. And this is different, six different activities, and that it looks like
same as going through the nightmare or the dream stages, just endless nightmares, endless
dream stages, even though it's not really solid existing, concrete existing, but truly
we are really going through this. All the sentient beings are going through it. So therefore,
I, Buddha, summon the Buddha, a Buddha, a person to put him or your Buddha, in order
to benefit all the beings of six realms, I, by the power of this, my praise, as with its
spray of the Kunduzangho, this, may every sentient beings immediately reach to the enlightenment
or back, returning back to their organ state of the Buddha-hood. Really, we think that's
strongly in the heart and mind, so that is the last ones there. And then again, this
is the final ones, and how this, we should do this praise, who will do this praise? And
those are the, Aho is again, our joy, exclamations, and happy in joy, this powerful praise of
all of this teaching I met. I able to receive this powerful teaching, now how I'm potent,
how I'm potent, how I'm blessed, living with that attitude. And then he said, in the future,
with powerful yogi in the yogi-ness, who will do that with powerful yogi in the yogi-ness,
who has some realization and understand of the Zokki teaching or the meditation of the
bodhicitta, bodhicitta, relative to bodhicitta, absolute to bodhicitta, then they are powerful,
powerful yogi and yogi-ness. And when they have, when that, those people individually,
but even you don't have those realization, with a clear mind, with devotion, with confidence,
with stone presence of the bodhicitta, and as well as all the bodhisattvas of every light
being, and do this praise. And keep this, that how it is. With a clear mind, with any awareness,
with all the delusions, and perform this powerful praise, this powerful praise of the absolute
truth, powerful prayer of the Zokki practices, powerful prayer that will reconnect back us
to true nature, where we belong. So therefore, it's powerful. And when we pray this, pray,
what we pray? We pray this that the kundasango praise. And also, whoever heard this praise,
praise, all those who heard it, and what result? Result is, after three rebirths, they will
get enlightenment. That's the kundasango, in a way, granted. After three years, after three
light times, they can get enlightenment. And then, particularly time, when it's good to pray,
and how should you do prayers? And which, how? And that is, time is, if any time is so good,
but particularly, for example here, time of the collapse of the sun and moon, when the sixth sky
hundreds, all the earthquakes, or the, yeah, during the earthquakes, solstice, or at the beginning,
or the changing of the years, those are the perfect times. How we should practice that? At that
time,
if you can visualize yourself as a Buddha, some of the Buddha, that we have many times as tankas,
tankas, that means, our own inner requires, awareness of kundasango now transformed, exactly
the Buddha. So now, we are not just, we are imitating something, we truly were Buddha,
we went here to study, there is a different aspect of emanation, or just kundasamos. Our nature is
kundasamos, our own awareness. Now, our own awareness transformed as the Buddha, Samhita Buddha.
But, and really see clearly with confidence, with joy and devotion. And then, you can also think,
think that kundasamos, even you can think, quite big and strong and illuminating powers, and all
that, and then, joining these prayers. Here, see, the recites, these prayers, they're all well-
heard,
everyone heard. That means, what is everyone? All the beings of six realms well-heard this.
When you like to meditate, when you join this, you think, all the beings of six realms are hearing
these teachings, hearing these teachings, these prayers, essentially. Then, it really will help
to, it will help ourselves, one who is residing, it will help with others. Others, and perform
these
prayers with the yogi, and yoginis, who are that? Oh, that. Every day, you're not yogi, and the yog
i
is in that realization. But, you pray this. That is really what it is. It will release the suffer
ings.
Oh, that means suffering, cause of suffering too. All that will release, immediately,
and eventually, they get enlightenment. And you can get enlightenment. So, that is,
and then, this call of honor, thus is, we already read yesterday, this one, thus is said. So, all
these call of honor, and thus is really teachings on the kundasamos prayers, and thank you,
just a reminder of these prayers. That's it. I mean, you all really know, and also, there's
commentaries, all that. So, that's it. But, thank you, you know, honor of the kindipa, the haremuki
,
and the omen and sangha members mentioning it. So, I feel very happy to read this, his
commentary, or the summary of the commentary, which is really beautiful. I mean, I looked closely,
at any kind of, had time to look closely, but when I looked, it's really beautiful. It's very
highlighting. These points are very highlighting, beautiful. So, that's it. My talk, and thank you
very much, everyone, again, for participating. Thank you, thank you, everyone. Thank you, thank you
,
thank you, thank you, very much, for participating. Again, we do short meditations, and of humanity
and then we tell you at the moment. Thank you.